OSDOCS-9991: adds metrics for (B)ANP (#76667)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/network_security/AdminNetworkPolicy/ovn-k-anp-banp-metrics.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="ovn-k-anp-banp-metrics"]

> = Monitoring and managing ANP and BANP

Reviewer: do you feel anything in this doc suggests managing as the right word?
I'd vote Monitoring ANP and BANP followed by "Metrics" sub heading, but feel free to say nay here.

Author: Well, no not anymore because there aren't any instructions on looking at policy.

Reviewer: ack yeah sorry I can't remember what the previous version looked like.. I have a bad memory :(

Author: no worries.

include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: ovn-k-anp-banp-metrics

toc::[]

> `AdminNetworkPolicy` and `BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy` have metrics that can be used for monitoring and managing your policies. See the below table for more details on the metrics.

Reviewer 2: Same question of if you can qualify these - usually anytime we write about API objects or whatnot, we want to say what it is afterward

```suggestion
`AdminNetworkPolicy` and `BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy` resources have metrics that can be used for monitoring and managing your policies. See the following table for more details on the metrics.
```

> `AdminNetworkPolicy` and `BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy` have many metrics for monitoring and managing your policies. Follow the instructions, in this section to help you with your policy maintenance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AdminNetworkPolicy` and `BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy` have metrics that can be used for monitoring and managing your policies. See the below table for more details
```
what are the instructions? :P

Author: Yeah, that needs to go. I didn't remove it with the removal of the `oc describe anp`. Doing that now.
